never the athletic national of Medellin
that will tell us how was the
itinerary how was the crossing
and thank you
estrada we come from Medellín with
Herrera we had bought a ticket from
plane that cost more or less 600
dollars we left on Saturday 18 on Thursday
16 tell us that there was no longer us
stripping of the plane will be punished the
ticket in a very big frustration in
Julián summits goes to my house on Saturday
midday and he tells me that we have to take
we bought a ticket about 1200 dollars
approximately almost double what
it had cost us and we bought it on
Saturday at noon to travel the
Sunday at 10 am day
santiago buenos aires where we lost
connection we had to sleep in the lake and
lose connection also towards good
towards montevideo we arrived yesterday at the
tomorrow to buenos aires
we managed to get on an express
another afternoon we arrived here we are
very excited if the team is well
organized or well- formed players that
at the end of this test a lot of heart to
the shirt we personally
I think that national can get minimal to
quarterfinal quarterfinals very
optimists with the final and the debut
because we are working are very good
interesting in the Colombian tournament
this crushing has a
but not very good payroll that has the
players we have a 10
clear clear as with him and towers
accompanied by fernando mosquera
dorón pabón that is intractable in the
remote area
and obviously we have a leader behind us
safety in the bow with gastón pezzuti
what gives you that pledge of guarantee of
always be calm well very many
Thanks enjoying today paid
thank you very much thank you
touch
how